# Steering Committee Meeting November 2021

Attendance: Alex Chernoguzov, Andrei Petrenko, Bettina Heim, Fabrice Franchon,
Kalan Snyder, Thien Nguyen, Tom Lubinski, Travis Humble, Seth Newberry (Guest)

## Key decisions (all voted unanimously)

- Steering Committee members can invite Subject Matter Experts, including if
  they are not members.
    - Alex McCaskey to be invited to subsequent meetings
- Repos maintainers can attend steering committee meetings
- Q2B presentation title and abstract (see slide #7)
- Mode of operation and communication of code repositories (see slide #8)
    - Addition of the following repos: PyQIR, QAT, QCOR

## Additional notes

- Add Anti-trust statement as one of the slide in all our decks (added a
  posteriori to todayâ€™s slides)
- Non-member SMEs invited by steering committee member should only attend for
  the relevant portion of the meeting and include a statement that presented
  information is public.
- JDF can help setting-up a site but there would be a fee.
- JDF needs a FAQ that they can use to help answer questions from parties
  interested in QIR Alliance (some Platinum members already expressed interest).
- Attending Q2B:
    - Honeywell: Pete Campora
    - Microsoft: Bettina Heim, Chris Granada, Fabrice Frachon, Viktor Veis
    - ORNL: Not attending
    - QCI: Tom Lubinski
    - Rigetti: Kalan Snyder
- Adding external code:
    - Do not accept anything that contain something like a GPL license as it
      relicenses the entire code.
    - Should be ok to add copyrighted materials (Seth following-up)
- Press release
    - Members will be amplifying on their social channels but no specific blog
      planned.
- We should create an Info@ and legal@ alias to direct interest (Fabrice to
  investigate best option).
